Tristan is the Executive Director at My Media, helping the team get access to the strategies, tools and opportunities that drive the organization forward. He loves making music, writing, and learning.

Tony is the Creative Director at My Media—he makes sure everything looks pretty and manages the Creative Team. He’s a big fan of horror films, Carly Rae Jepsen, and em dashes.

Sofia is the Campaigns Director at My Media. She works with clients and creatives to facilitate and coordinate campaigns. Sofia enjoys reading, baking and playing words with friends.

Ella is our Art and Brand Director. She’s here to oversee My Media’s brand, and works directly with clients to build visual identities and brand strategies. She loves all kinds of design, discovering new places in Montreal and binge-watching The Office.

As the Director of Video Production at My Media, Max helps to shoot, edit, direct, and oversee all of the organization’s video content, as well as teaching technical and artistic skills through workshops. He is a student filmmaker, and believes passionately in the power of activism through storytelling.

Rachael is the Director of Outreach at My Media, forging connections with change making non-profits and creatives alike to push us forward in our goal to amplify impact. She loves writing music, mindfulness, and markets.

Ana is the Director of Operations at My Media. She makes sure the team functions and operates smoothly and designs the digital media education program. Ana loves her dog, Bee, running, and sweet potatoes.

// Nikhita is a Director of Education at My Media. She works to plan workshops, festivals, and any other kind of event for My Media. She likes cooking, eating, and buying more plants than she has space for.

Mako is a co-director of Education at My Media. He works in collaboration with the creatives to run immersive workshops and educational events. His main interests are in neuroscience and social activism, but what he loves most are people.

Julia is the Director of Social Media at My Media, planning and managing the organization's social media accounts, and interacting with clients, community members, and creatives. She loves going to the beach, detective tv shows, and going barefoot.

Bea is the Community Director of My Media, contributing her activism/organizing experience to help facilitate workshops and foster connections with the community. She is a human rights activist and enjoys painting and making music.

Liam is the Director of Technology and Web at My Media, designing and developing the organization's website, and lending expertise in the technical aspects of modern activism. He loves hip hop, Lord of the Rings, and math.

Amy is a Product Designer at My Media, creating pixel-perfect digital products and creative content with incredible user experiences. She enjoys listening to music, staying active, and reading.

Christian is a creative at My Media focusing on graphic design, and is fluent in many programs such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Blender3D & Figma. He loves consuming well written fiction, and on the weekends specializes in the arcane arts of enhanced procrastination.

Camille is a creative at My Media, specializing in graphic design and video making and ultimately driven to make a positive impact through creating compelling media content for purpose-driven organizations. She also enjoys bread and spending time with her cat.

David is a videographer at My Media, responsible for shooting and editing video content. He loves rap music, Chinese food and the outdoors.
